add language to readme (#249)
CDCgov/ww-inference-model: README.md

- Sam Abbott (seabbs)
- Damon Bayer (damonbayer)

# Package workflow

> The following depicts the suggested workflow for fitting the wastewater-informed forecasting model. See the ["Getting Started" vignette](vignettes/wwinference.Rmd) for a full example.

Reviewer: I would add the link to the HTML document instead. Right now, it is not linking to the proper place on the website.

```suggestion
The following depicts the suggested workflow for fitting the wastewater-informed forecasting model. See the ["Getting Started" vignette](https://cdcgov.github.io/ww-inference-model/articles/wwinference.html) for a full example.
```
